# UnixTutoringSite
http://serenity.ist.rit.edu/~bab7607/ISTE240/Group/index.php

Unix4UX is a tutorial site for users who are interested in learning more about the Unix programming language. We offer a multitude of tools on our site that advance our users’ learning experiences. These tools include information on Unix basics, file structures, how to use different programs, quizzes to test the user’s comprehension of material, and an index page composed of all the commands on our site. Our quizzes include the use of short answer questions, multiple choice questions, and select all that apply questions so that users of different learning styles can all understand the material. The index page provides a convenient way for users to get more straightforward information on specific commands they need. Unix4UX is designed to be a useful tool to users of different experience levels. Our tutorials help users who have no experience using Unix get an idea on how the commands work. Our index page helps the more advanced users who have some experience programming with Unix access information quickly. These users may be having some trouble with command syntax or knowing how a command works, and need specific information rather than an entire tutorial. The index page shows all the commands on our site and when a user clicks one, they’ll be able to learn what the specific command does and how they can use it. For those on the go, we also provide a mobile version of our site to make getting information quicker and easier. 
